Thank you again for coming in and having the interview today.
So my first question is, and again you decide how much you tell or don't tell,
can you tell me about your experience of coming to Wales?
Yeah, okay.
I have so far, I have very good experience in Wales.
I feel like Wales is a very nice country and it has a different language, like Welsh language,
English is just English language, right?
And Welsh is Welsh language and English is, it's so interesting, it's a completely different language, not everyone knows that.
So I love that and I love the flag of it.
I just love Wales country and I feel like Welsh people are very polite.
Even my cousin, they always say that Welsh people are polite, they are nice.
Can you describe a place or a time in your life that is important to you?
Important. First, in my life is my family, my parents.
I lost my dad three, four years ago, now my mum's, my parents, my siblings, they are the most important thing.
And then my friends. So now I have family, of course.
I have friends, I made new friends who makes me feel like, yes, you are an amazing person.
So yeah, these are the six things important for my life.
That's it, nothing else, no negativity.
There is no negativity in my life, like there's no way to come in.
I don't let anyone.
So yeah, what was I was going to say?
Yeah, only just positive, happy, kind, courage.
Have courage and be kind.
And this is that, that's my goal to be happy in my life.
So no negativity, there's no space for negativity in my life.
That's it.
Thank you. That's very positive and uplifting.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else you want to share or that you feel is important for us to know about you in terms of doing this industry?
About me?
Yes, I have only one question and answer.
It's quite interesting and funny.
The other day I was asking my friends like, describe yourself in three words.
They're like, what? On the spot?
What? That is such an interesting question.
We never get that question.
I said, just come on, just do it.
We don't have time.
I was just making them like ruffling.
And then they asked me like, okay, come on then.
You go first because you asked a question first, right?
You go first.
So I will say, if anyone asks me, describe myself in three words.
In three words, I will say, for me, my, I'll say funny, kind, brave.
And that's it.
That's me.
Funny, kind and brave.
That's me. Courage.
And my friend said, I'm attentive as well, which is, I can't tell.
I can't tell that unless anyone can tell you.
So my friend said, you are very attentive as well.
That was very nice to hear.
I was like, oh, thanks guys.
Yeah. That's actually.
Nice to be positive about ourselves, isn't it?
Yeah.
Those good, good feelings.
I hope you hold.
I think you are as well.
Come on, let me ask you, describe yourself in three words.
Three words.
Yeah.
I think I'll also say funny.
Oh yeah, of course.
I make myself laugh a lot.
Yeah.
I think I'm quite observant.
Nice.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
And yeah, I'm quite observant.
And yeah, I think caring.
Caring, yeah.
Sometimes too much.
Yeah.
But you can see there's a strength in being caring or thoughtful.
We have to hold on to those things.
Yes.
That we like for ourselves, don't we?
Yes, yes.
We have to, yeah.
That's really important.
Yeah.
So is there anything else you want to tell us about the things you enjoy, the things
that are important to you?
Is there anything else you want to share?
I think I shared everything.
Yeah.
Yeah, so far.
Great.
So before we finish up, I was thinking about the museum.
You saw the painting and you told us that great story about the painting.
Was there anything else you wanted to share from the things you saw that day?
Did I see any snake there?
Snakes?
Do they have any snakes?
I saw snakes.
If they have, I must be sure.
Yeah.
Saw snakes.
I'm sure we could find one.
Was there a snake in the room?
Wasn't there a snake in the jar?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Was it you who was scared?
No, it was my friend.
I was scared.
In the jar, my friend was very scared.
It wasn't me.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that snake.
And then I came home and I really was like, oh, I forgot to tell one story.
It's literally quite a scary story.
I can't forget that.
So it was one day, me and my cousin.
I went to my cousin's house for sleepover.
Me and my cousin.
In the swimming pool, we were having, we were swimming and we had a bed.
My cousin was like, okay, let's go.
It was a massive swimming pool, by the way.
So we had a bed.
We were like, whoever goes the other side fast, he's, he's, he's win.
Right.
I was like, okay, let's do it then.
Because we like to take challenge.
This is me as a family.
I like to take challenge.
Yeah.
So, so like, let's go.
So we went the same time.
Right.
And it was massive swimming pool, isn't it?
So it's just funny.
No one can win because we are very tired to just keep swimming and swimming.
We're very tired.
So same time we were swimming back from the other side.
Same time.
Same time we came back.
But as I said, no one wins.
So we, and then we came back and we were like relaxing for a bit.
We're taking break from, from swimming.
And then I saw, I am, we saw there's a two snake, two snake.
They were, I don't know what they're fighting or whether they're like loving each other.
They were, they were hugging.
They were doing that like, I don't know, embracing or hugging each other.
That's what I can't, still since then, till now I can't tell whether they're fighting,
whether they're loving each other.
I can't, I don't know.
And I saw, I was the first person.
I saw, I was like, ah, snake.
And it was big snake, black.
Both of them are black snake.
And in my country we have so many snakes.
It's not like UK.
It's more like I would say Australia.
Because I think, you know, Australia has a couple of, it's many snakes.
It's like that.
My country is like that.
In my country there's many snakes.
So, and I, we saw and there, it was two big black snakes.
And they were, I don't know what they're doing.
And then I scream and she's like, why are they, why are they?
So just, just in front of us.
It was like not, not very near.
It wasn't near.
But I can see, it was, you know, I can see it.
I can see it.
Like I will show, see I was shopping and she, and then she was screaming as well.
And then luckily she, they had security.
They had security and she called him.
Like she was screaming and he came.
And do you know what the, what's the magic thing?
And he was like, where is snake?
Where is snake?
And then he went there and he saw there's no snake, nothing.
In the center, where are all the snakes gone?
Where are they gone?
There's two snakes, where are they gone?
Honestly, that's why I'm, I'm, I still, I still think since then, like, why did they, the snakes gone?
He said, he said, I didn't see any snake.
And you guys saw, Mia, it's not just me.
If it's me, okay, maybe I saw wrong.
It was my bad, right?
I can make myself, oh, okay.
It's just maybe I was very tired.
Maybe, that's why I saw.
No, it was my cousin as well.
So, and then, yeah, snakes gone then.
And yeah, that still I keep remember, I keep thinking, what the snakes gone?
Either, and then I think like, are they, why are they actually snakes or something else?
Do you know what I mean?
Maybe there's something else and they became snake and then they just vanish.
Yeah, that this exists, that exists.
So.
What else would it be?
Can you tell me what else it would be in that?
Do you know Gene?
Did you, did you watch Aladdin movie?
Aladdin, Aladdin.
Did you see, well, Genie, isn't it?
So this is actually, we are human being, right?
There's another, how to say, another planet that we call Gene.
That's the Genie comes from Gene.
That's why it is a Genie.
Yes.
Genie, the Aladdin Genie, the Genie comes from Gene.
In our holy book, it says about Gene.
So in Day of Judgment, in the, do you know Day of Judgment?
Like in the, we have, we believe we have two lives, here and hereafter.
Which is here, this world is temporary and hereafter is permanent.
It's not temporary, it's permanent.
So in the Day of Judgment where everyone will be in front of our God, in front of Allah
and He will ask every single one of us, why did you hurt people?
Why did you do backbiting?
Why did you hurt people?
Just because of, He will ask.
That's why as a Muslim, we have to be nice.
We have to have, there's no excuse.
We have to be nice with other people.
We have to make other people comfortable.
Because in the Day of Judgment, Allah will ask us, why did you do that?
Answer me, otherwise I will give you, I will send you to Hellfire.
And in that day, only people, He will ask only people and jinn.
People and jinn.
Jinn, they are invisible.
They are not visible, they are invisible.
So they have, they made, we made from no sand.
There's something else.
And the jinn made, I think from fire, He made.
This is what we believe.
If you read it, this is very very interesting.
If you read about Quran, our holy book, Muslims holy book, you can know everything about jinn.
So these jinn, that's what I think now.
I was like, maybe it's not a snake because He didn't see.
We saw them, He didn't see them.
So if it's not a snake, then it must be jinn.
The jinn can vanish like anytime.
If it's like, if we see snakes, if it's actually jinn, he can vanish like,
he can be like this table.
So this is what I think.
It would be jinn.
Which is, jinn comes from jinn.
That's what He called jinn.
Isn't it so interesting?
Fascinating.
Yes.
Really fascinating.
I didn't know that.
Yes.
Yeah.
And then the other day I saw interview from, in our back home interview I saw,
because now it's weather, it's very rain, it's flooded everywhere.
We didn't get, my house didn't get flooded, luckily.
But I saw interview like people, journalists, they interviewed people,
random people and they're saying how they're feeling, how they're surviving now.
So one lady was saying, when I, she's a farmer, right?
And she was like, when I go to farming, when I go to field, I see many, many big snakes.
And at the end of the time she was saying, this country is full of snakes.
She was saying, because I know the isora, I used to see when it's heavily raining,
I used to see snakes in front of our house, even, well, because it's raining,
it's everywhere's watery, so they're just swimming.
So they have to live, right?
How we live, they have life as well.
So we're like, okay, you are our friends, new friends, okay, live your life.
Just don't bite us because our country,
they're better, some of our better scary, they can eat you,
they can, you know, yeah, bite you and then you can, you will die.
So they're very scary snakes.
That's why sometimes horribly we have to kill them sometimes,
which is not nice, it's just because of us.
Otherwise, they will kill our family, especially the babies,
because they don't know the snakes, you know, they don't know the difference.
They will be like, oh, this is toy, this is my toy.
But some of we keep them as a pet, like here.
I think now here in the UK, people keep as a pet snakes, right?
So yeah, so that lady was saying this country was full of snakes country.
I find it a bit funny.
And of course, I feel so sad for them because she said,
whenever I go field to farming, I see this massive snakes.
I'm very scared.
So yeah, if you go ever in my country, you will see that.
It's like Australia.
That's great. It's a great story. Really interesting.
I still don't know whether they're loving each other or were they fighting?
I think they're fighting, but that way, honestly, I wish you can see.
They're like, do, doing that.
I think they were fighting, not loving.
Love's not like that, isn't it?
They were arguing.
Fighting over some food or something.
And we were honestly like snake were there and we just came.
We just came swimming.
It's very near.
We're very near them.
Luckily, they didn't bite us.
Luckily.
Oh, God. Otherwise, I would have been dead.
Right. I would have come to UK.
Oh, brilliant. That's a great story.
Really. Thank you.
I wish you enjoyed.
Can you tell me, was it very hot?
It was hot. It was very hot.
It was like summertime, summer hot time.
That's why we were doing swimming in swimming pool.
That's why it was very hot.
Was there anything else you wanted to tell about anything you saw on the day or anything else?
Okay. So when I was little, like baby, baby, baby, yeah, my mom went to my cousin's wedding.
My aunt, like auntie, that side.
Her sons, it was her sons wedding.
And then she holds me like this and she was walking all around the hall.
And everyone's like, oh, is this your granddaughter? Is this your granddaughter?
She was like, no, no, that's my niece. That's my niece.
My son's getting married today.
My first, oldest son's getting married today.
She's not my granddaughter.
The next day, we came home.
The next day, all my body was all rash.
And pimple, rash, bruise, all my body.
I was nonstop crying.
And then because in my country, they say, evil eyes.
Yeah, they said I got evil eyes.
And then I was crying and, you know, because I was like, I was maybe six months or something, little baby.
Yeah. And then my grandma, yeah, she, we have a little bowl.
Like gold color. I don't know what they call in English.
This gold color, a metal one, pure metal.
And all the bowl is written, the Quran, the surah, the poem.
She showered me with this one.
She make a whole big pot of water.
And then she soaked that bowl in that water.
And then she showered me.
And then slowly, slowly, I recovered from the evil eyes in my whole body.
And then since then, we believe if you get evil eyes, even my own niece, nephew, if they cry too much,
still my mom kept that bowl with her.
It's my grandmoms bowl.
My mom still keep it.
So it's like, and then after my mom, she will give it to my sister-in-law.
So it's like our, our family thing.
Yeah. This is why we believe if you get evil eye, you can shower with that bowl and you'll get recovered.
Yeah, that's it. That's actually.
Nothing else.
Is there anything else you'd like to add to the interview?
Anything else you wanted to, you want us to know about you?
I just want to, only one thing.
I think I told, I told everything.
I said everything about me, my childhood, the stories.
It's just, I just want to give thank you to you guys, first of all, because through you guys, I can share my childhood story.
I can share that interesting, my feelings, especially my feelings.
I can share and I can give like advice that people can hear.
If anyone here hears me, it's like just is my advice.
It's do whatever you want.
As long as it's not harming anyone, as long as it's not, you know, you know, giving stressing anyone else.
So as long as it's not like that, just be yourself, do whatever you want.
Be positive, have courage, be kind.
That's it.
And you guys give, I want to give you guys thank you and Bowser, obviously Bowser, through Bowser, I went to that museum, right?
So I want to give massive thank you to Bowser.
So I just want to give them massive thank you.
It's a great opportunity, great company.
Staffs are, it's amazing.
All staffs are amazing.
Yeah.
It's so important we have these places.
Yes.
Yeah.
Right.
We have to go on.
Otherwise, like our, like our skills.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
That's it.
OK.